personal talk of them that informatics
beauty
Why are not you from the very environment?
cool of the tour master of march cn ball
comes the zan cabinet is the launch of
program were to start underneath
you will be able to see here its mandate
of plastic mass or right 'has a
funk was yesterday a front here after
I'll move to confirm his size.
here in front has two bays defeats the
act looks only pull already was installed hd ssd
quick easy boot just parents like that
cool has three neighborhoods priest rock
can you see having usb 2.0 two usb
3.0 An Internal Motherboard Connector
microphone headset
here we have a reset button and a button
to turn on the front LEDs and is here
on top of us we have a third part
drunk that can draw a tie
rubbery here for the big guy the key
Car something here for those who do not
This is a very cool case.
you can have this finish and with 11
with beautiful does not have a fan pre installed
I'll even enjoy it here already.
it's looking it 's the top here
behind has a screw has a screw
want to allow people to take this
cap looks just us can simply
do the cleaning of that focus of 20
centimeters and has pre installed here
clean this part also spend
cloth on something in which alone to
cleaning is up here we can
install an h without something like a
double radiator in case it fits in quiet
space left over still close here
To fuck it up, I'm not going to lose it.
ball that is lateral to it
The side you can see is okay.
big in the cabinet he has all this
race that belly that in this
belly will allow us to do
the one that good manners and got people
used to do
I think you already have personal video of
choice of the week with him I'll even go
leave in the description the link of the choice of
week you get it off the week of enrollment
with him to see how he can
The assembly is fine, it's beauty in
All the space here for us to do what?
the legal regime
here he has a bit more of a right finger
I do not know a centimeter more or less
that belly will increase pt
tie the cables back here and there's everything
Pretty cool, very pretty way.
on the front it looks pretty cool too
here you have the power connectors né do
flu were as
He was 20 centimeters now I am
Seeing it, it's all good here.
I think that here in the back there is no
A lot of things to say, no, I will.
come here to show that the back
for you here has an expansion
who has one more two three four
five six seven eight all are eight as
functions plus one here on the right side here
has a fan of 14cm pre
installed in the back is more
that for a landfill with radiator
that few people use but have
It's cool too.
Let's see that the side of Iraq
Look, I only have one here. You're going to open it.
a mass- produced franchise can
to see well in the detail of the mark is well
beautiful is a gigantic cover here you
install from rain and are not
two of 14 and one of 20 and on the side I
I think that I think two factors that
more interesting here beauty i
I'll open the lid as I already had your
already removed the two screws
the right side of the finger screws had
those who may not even have the key to
this is
and look just one asked opened the show
ball looks like the lid is only one
kind of another wide one a little
but it's so
david legal battle is going to be well
easy to do this personal cleaning ok
Look at the inner space of this expensive machine.
You can do whatever you want in.
There's a lot of space, even if I go.
start here by optical readers and
dvd recorder one thing of the sort
It's all quiet without faith, it's all without
screws just shut your mouth for rifle
extra here and one screw is the other
side also for a little security
greater in transportation we usually
put screws in an extra to know
it will get everything 100% for you to leave
home is here we have launched 123456 more
one down here that I have an HD
before and now it's gone beauty well
Our fault, no problem.
here inside leaving the corner here you
can see here that part is that the
two of the hawks of connections
max defenders then goes two cars
behind him for transfer of
files and a kid is here to
energy of both forces thank the
show of ball we will see here here behind
we have that was 14 centimeters
pre-installed units that have a molex
or one of the technology that one of three
pins to connect directly to the motherboard
Ball show is good to have both options
You can put the motherboard
right here if the motherboard had not
already passes behind to hide funk
A pretty way, right?
the client chooses the incoming connections
document connections that do not have
a lot of things not to mention have a
internal USB 3.0 connector that goes
This motherboard is the best type you have
recorded on the board are behind
the environment that is kind of ugly let's say
like this
are all reset button brokers
power led reset button power button
the audio and usb 2.0 front
Yeah, I think I forgot to let it go.
thing on top of boot feels good
20 centimeters still looking from the
down to see you guys so you can
see staff in an office well
refrigerated
he has all the structure for you
things have gone back to healing in
top make big motherboards do is
to follow another two-fourths of the
video supports mono the structure of it is
well resistant from the tv catching it is not
too heavy is not everything and not much
heavy but not the structure of their
which is very tough and cool even
I hope you liked the
Week flagship cooler environment
master liked the video, it's good here
we
leave your comment here below that is
too important to take care of
the nice feedback're worth and to the
next video
we will only reveal to those who look